Mapping to segment container tracks (#46)
bbc/tams: docs/appnotes/0002-containers-and-mappings.md

# 0002: Containers and Mappings

## Abstract

Flows reference media content held in media objects in TAMS.

> The media objects containers may wrap media content from multiple Flows.

Author: I changed the wording a bit more to make it clearer hopefully: https://github.com/bbc/tams/pull/46/commits/eb085a5e8cf8a3d4c1ccaed60cd17c4fb9bc8e66

## Content

### Flow `container` Property

The Flow `container` property serves 2 purposes.
The `container` property identifies the container type for the media objects and its presence flags whether the Flow directly references media objects.

The `container` property is a [MIME type](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6838).
Example values are `video/mp2t` for MPEG-TS, `video/mp4` for MP4 and `application/json` for JSON.

A Flow references media objects either directly using Flow Segments associated with the Flow or via Flow Segments associated with a multi-essence Flow that collects (via the `flow_collection`) the Flow.

The diagram below shows a sequence of MPEG-TS media objects that contains video for a Flow.
The video Flow references the media objects via a sequence of Flow Segments.
The presence of the `container` property indicates that the Flow has Flow Segments (the list could be empty).

![Diagram showing a Flow referencing media objects containing a video track only](./images/0002-containers-and-mappings-fig1.png)

> The diagram below shows a sequence of MPEG-TS media objects that contains a multplex of audio and video.
> The multi-essence Flow references the media objects via a sequence of Flow Segments.
> The multi-essence Flow has a `container` property that indicates that this Flow has Flow Segments.
> The video and audio Flows are referenced by a Collection Item in the `flow_collection` list.
> The video and audio Flows don't themselves have a sequence of Flow Segments and therefore the `container` property is not set.
> The media content for these Flows are accessed using the multi-essence Flow's Flow Segments.

Reviewer: Nit: Does something like this make this paragraph less dense?
```suggestion
The diagram below shows a sequence of MPEG-TS media objects that contains a multplex of audio and video.
The multi-essence Flow:
  - has a `container` property that indicates that this Flow has Flow Segments.
  - uses its sequence of Flow Segments to reference the media objects.

The video and audio Flows:
  - are referenced by a Collection Item in the `flow_collection` list.
  - don't themselves have a sequence of Flow Segments and therefore the `container` property is not set.
The media content for these Flows are accessed using the multi-essence Flow's Flow Segments.
```
